MTV-1145: Remote providers web UI link (#597)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/adding-source-provider.adoc

An error message might appear that states that an error has occurred. You can ignore this message.
====
endif::[]

ifdef::vmware,rhv,ostack,cnv,cnv2[]

> . Optional: To add access to the UI of the provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Add access to the UI of the provider:
```
We are advised by the IBM SG to use full intro sentences :-) Even if you have further substeps, it ok to have it this way.

Author: Fixed.

An error message might appear that states that an error has occurred. You can ignore this message.
====
endif::[]

ifdef::vmware,rhv,ostack,cnv,cnv2[]
. Optional: Add access to the UI of the provider:

> .. In the *Providers* page, click the provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. On the *Providers* page, click the provider.
```

this reads like it might be the wrong preposition

Author: Fixed.

The *Provider details* page opens.
.. Click the *Edit* icon under *External UI web link*.
.. Enter the link and click *Save*.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you do not enter a link, {project-short} attempts to calculate the correct link.

> * If {project-short} succeeds, the link is visible on the page. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* If {project-short} succeeds, the field's hyperlink will point to the calculated link". 
. 
```

Something like the above...I suggest it because it's a hyperlink, need to mouse over the link in order to see the target url...

Author: Fixed.
